US dams example dashboard (#1350)
observablehq/framework: examples/us-dams/README.md

[Framework examples →](../)

# U.S. dams

View live: <https://observablehq.observablehq.cloud/framework-example-us-dams/>

> This Observable Framework example explores data for over >90k dams in the United States from the [National Inventory of Dams](https://nid.sec.usace.army.mil/#/) (NID).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This Observable Framework example explores data for 90,000+ dams in the United States from the [National Inventory of Dams](https://nid.sec.usace.army.mil/) (NID).
```

# US dams

> This is an [Observable Framework](https://observablehq.com/framework) project. To start the local preview server, run:

Reviewer 2: Can we use README.md to explain what R packages need to be installed (and how?).

fwiw I had to run the following command (which took ~15 minutes):

```
R
R> install.packages("tidyverse")
```

It would also be a good place to highlight data provenance (I see you have some HTML comments in the md files)?

```
npm run dev
```

Then visit <http://localhost:3000> to preview your project.

For more, see <https://observablehq.com/framework/getting-started>.

## Project structure

A typical Framework project looks like this:

```ini
.

> ├─ docs

Reviewer 2: we should remove this part (however if we kept it we should use src instead of docs)
